h2. Objective:

Read a hash in string format , and assure that it contais nothing but
numbers , strings and symbols , in order to avoid execution of code 
that would happen if you use the eval() method , supports nested hashes.

h2. USE:

After installing the gem , you require it:

require 'Tryparse'
then use the try method to make a parse try :

>> Tryparse.try({:this => {"is" => :a_nested_hash}}.inspect)
=> true


Big Hashes:

>> Tryparse.try({ :a => File.open('/etc/passwd').read }.inspect)
SystemStackError: stack level too deep
	from /Use...

Since treetop use recursion , when you have a big file inside your hash
you could exceed the maximum stack size , a Possible workaround would 
be rising the stack limit.
$ ulimit -s 15000
$ irb
>> require 'Tryparse.rb'
=> true
>>  Tryparse.try({ :a => File.open('/etc/passwd').read }.inspect)
=> true


h2. LICENSE:

This software is licensed under the terms of the brazilian portuguese translation of the GPL
You should have received a version of this translation with your software if not , you should
download this license from http://www.magnux.org/doc/GPL-pt_BR.txt , That being said , the
Official license of this software is this translation making the Original GPL a license similar
to the one used in this software written in english , That legal maneuver is necessary since 
english documents don't have legal value in brazil.

Hope FSF which I am a member , don't sue me.

A licença oficial para este software é a tradução da GPL que acompanha este software , tendo em vista
que documentos em ingles não válidos para a justiça brasileira , é necessario esta manobra legal , onde
digo que a licença oficial para este software é esta tradução e a GPL oficial é meramente uma 
licença muito similar escrita em inglês, caso você não tenha recebido esta cópia de licença a mesma pode ser
baixada no seguinte sitio: http://www.magnux.org/doc/GPL-pt_BR.txt  .

Espero que a FSF da qual sou membro , não me processe.

